Hi.
I'm Bob Bailey, a Learning
Specialist with Brightcove.
In this video, we'll
learn how to add captions
to a video using the
Brightcove player.
Closed captions can be
added to your videos
to provide additional or
interpretive information
to individuals who
wish to access it.
Captions are necessary so
the deaf and hard of hearing
can access the audio portion
of video presentations.
There are three basic steps
to add captions to a video.
First, you need to create a
caption file for your video.
You'll need a
separate caption file
for each language
you want to support.
Second, you need to modify
the In-Page embed code
for the player to
include the track tag.
The track tag is used to
specify the captions that
should be visible as
the video is playing.
Finally, you may want
to style the captions
to change the font, colors,
or location of the captions.
Let's get started.
The first thing we
need are caption files
for all the languages
we want to support.
The Brightcove player supports
caption files in WebVTT format.
To create a caption
file, you can
use one of the many
third-party software packages
or in my case, I
uploaded one of my videos
to one of our
partners, 3Play Media.
They're just one of our partners
that provide transcription,
captioning, and
translation services.
For a complete
list of Brightcove
partners visit Brightcove.com
and click on the Partners link.
I've already gone
ahead and downloaded
the WebVTT caption files
from the 3Play Media website.
For this video, I want to add
English and French captions
to my video so I have
two caption files.
Remember, you'll have
a separate WebVTT file
for each language
you want to support.
If I open one of
the caption files,
you can see it has time
markings and the text
to be displayed
during that time.
Now that we have
caption files, we'll
get the in-page embed
code for the player
and then modify
it add track tags.
To do this, I'll start by
going to the Players module.
I've already created a
player and associated
a video from my Video Cloud
account with the player.
To get the in-page
embed code, I'll
click on the embed
code and URL button
and select Published Player.
I'm going to copy the
in-page embed code
and paste it into
my HTML editor.
Now I need to
modify the video tag
to include a track tag for
each caption file I have.
If we look at the
track tag, I'm going
to specify what kind of
track it is, captions,
and then specify the
location of where
the caption file is located.
Keep in mind that Brightcove
does not host caption files,
so you'll need to
host them somewhere
once they are created.
Next, I'll specify the source
language and the label.
The label will be
displayed to the user
to allow them to
select this language.
Notice that I have
two track tags, one
for the English captions and the
other for the French captions.
When I'm done, I'll save
the page, and then upload.
Let's test this to make sure
the captions are working.
I'll open my page in a
browser and play the video.
Notice there is a CC button
as part of the player chrome.
If I hover over that, I
can select the language
to display the captions.
There are a few options
available for styling
the captions.
First, it is possible to
add tags to the WebVTT
file directly to
control the layout
and position of the captions.
You can also style the
captions using CSS.
Both of these
methods are covered
in the caption documentation.
Viewers also have the ability to
style the captions themselves.
For viewers on desktop
and Android devices,
there's a Caption
Settings menu, which
viewers can select to customize
the style of the captions.
If I select it,
an overlay appears
allowing me to change
colors, opacity,
font size, and font family.
The Defaults button will
restore the default settings.
For viewers on iOS
devices, caption styling
is controlled through
the iOS settings.
If I go to my iOS device and
select Settings, General,
Accessibility, Subtitles
and Captioning, Style,
I can select a pre-defined
style or create new styles.
I've already created
a custom style,
so I'm going to select it.
When I return to
my video, I can see
the styles applied
to the captions.